1. 2022-01-15  10:00   13:00

2. Virtual Environment: Virtualenv==20.13.0 (https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/#)
I use Virtualenv as my virtual environment, it can be easily installed using pip. The virtual environment can be easily
created using the command line interface, doesn't need any prior installations, and is also compatible with all the latest versions
of Python. Thus, it is my preferred choice.

3. The virtual environment is deactivated by the command "deactivate", which works once the virtual environment is activated.
This capability is defined as a bash command in `venv/Scripts/deactivate.bat`.
The visible effects of deactivation is vanishing of the name of the virtual environment from the terminal. While the environment
is active, it appears before the path of the directory in brackets. The invisible effects is that the packages which were
installed while the virtual environment was active cannot be used after the deactivation command, except those which are
installed within the system environment.

4. I installed opencv-python 3.4.2.16 as instructed in the assignment. Initially, I had Python 3.9 installed in my system
and pip could not find the desired version (3.4.2.16). I searched the internet (https://pypi.org/project/opencv-python/3.4.2.16/)
for acceptable versions of python that builds the desired version. I found out that Python 3.7 is the latest version which
supports opencv-python 3.4.2.16. So I installed Python 3.7, and let pip install the desired package of opencv-python along
with numpy and matplotlib. Finally, I verified the installations through pip freeze.

5. 1/2 hour.

6. My understanding of the contribution section is as follows:
- The extent of contribution by every team member needs to be stated in the readme.txt of the submission
- The total marks obtained by the group will be divided based on the proportion of contribution by each team member.
- If one or more team members are claiming 100 contribution, they are claiming to reproduce the entire assignment
and display depth of knowledge during the instructor viva without the help of any team members post
evaluation.